FMWK-95 Batch operations readme example (#78)
aerospike/aerospike-document-lib: README.md

objectFromDB = documentClient.get(TEST_AEROSPIKE_KEY, bins, jsonPath);
```

## Batch operations

Starting at version `2.0.0` there is support for batch operations.

You can now send operations (GET, PUT, APPEND, DELETE) in batches using json path or JSONPath query
for single and multiple bins.

Keys related limitations:

- Operations order in a batch is preserved only for the operations with different keys.

> - JSONPath queries operations are allowed in a batch only if they don`t have repeating keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JSONPath queries operations are allowed in a batch only if they don't have repeating keys.
```
